quick-terminal-screen = mouse
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1

window-decoration = false
confirm-close-surface = false

shell-integration-features = no-cursor

quit-after-last-window-closed = true
quit-after-last-window-closed-delay = 30s

cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-click-to-move = true

font-family = "Hack Nerd Font Mono"
font-thicken = true
theme = iTerm2 Default
background = 020004
background-opacity = 0.92
background-blur-radius = 25
bold-is-bright = true
window-padding-x = 5

macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = beige
macos-icon-ghost-color = green
macos-icon-screen-color = 020004
macos-option-as-alt = true

keybind = ctrl+shift+h=esc:[72;6u
keybind = ctrl+shift+alt+h=esc:[72;8u
keybind = ctrl+shift+j=esc:[74;6u
keybind = ctrl+shift+alt+j=esc:[74;8u
keybind = ctrl+shift+k=esc:[75;6u
keybind = ctrl+shift+alt+k=esc:[75;8u
keybind = ctrl+shift+l=esc:[76;6u
keybind = ctrl+shift+alt+l=esc:[76;8u

auto-update = off
